# CI-201-Project-2-Sys-Admin-Tasks-Menu
This project was created for CI 201 with the instructions to create a system admin tasks menu in Linux Bash. This script is meant to serve as System Admin menu for command line functions. These functions include: "Disk Management", "File Management", "Network Management", "Process Management", "User Account" and "Utilities". Each contains code that may be used by a system admin regularly. For the Disk Management function, the following is implemented: Display device info, Display disk partition info, Display block device info, and Display mounted disk info. For the File Management function, the following is implemented: Present Working Directory, List Directory Contents, Create a File, Change File Permissions, Remove a File, and Read a File. For the Network Mangement function, the following is implemented: ifconfig, ping, traceroute, nslookup, View network interfaces, View network routing table, View Current system users, and View Client machine information. For the Process Management function, the following is implemented: display Processes, Display Processes by usage, Terminate a Process, Display Disk Usage, Display Free Disk Space, and Display System Uptime. For the User Account function, the following is implemented: Add user, Delete user, Lock user password, Get information on user, Add group, Delete group, Find user (Determine if user exists in the system), and Find group (Determine if group exists in the system). Lastly, the Utilities function implements: Date/Time, Calendar, View Manual (man) Pages, Determine File Type, Determine Command Type, Sort File (Query for input and output files), and Search file (Query for input, file, output file, and search parameter).
